
Passive: Each basic attack steals energy and stores 
it in the orb. Once it reaches 100% energy, the next 
basic attack has increased range and will shoot a beam
of light at the selected target. It deals damage to all 
units it passes through.

Furious: He has Fury as resource. Each basic attack 
or skill on an enemy target grants 2 fury. Being hit 
by a basic attack or a skill also grants 2 fury. 
Hitting a feared target grants an extra fury for each 
stack of fear. When out of combat, he loses 5 Fury 
per second.

Once he reaches 100 Fury, he becomes
Furious.

2 seconds after becoming Furious, fury starts to 
decay at a rate of 5 fury per second. The decay rate 
is doubled if out of combat. After 15 seconds in 
Furious mode, he cannot gain anymore Fury while active.

After exiting Furious mode, he cannot gain fury for 
the same amount of time the last Furious mode lasted, 
up to 15 seconds.

----------

Targetted active: He slashes an enemy, dealing 
damage and applying a stack of fear that lasts 
5 seconds. A target can have a maximum of 2 stacks.

Basic attacks refresh the fear duration.

Using this ability on a marked target will deal 4% 
of their missing health for each stack of fear.

Furious mode: Dashes to targetted enemy. It receives 
2 stacks of fear instantly. 

Additionnally, he does extra damage per stack equal 
to 4% of his missing health.

While furious, basic attacks against feared targets
reduce this ability's cooldown by 1 second per stack.

----------

Activate: Orb becomes a shield for a maximum 
of 3 seconds. It stores 40% of the damage the first 
blocked attack/ability was supposed to do + 10% of 
each subsequent ones, up to 400 damage. 

For 3 seconds after the shield wears off/is 
deactivated, he gets an empowered passive. The damage 
is increased by the stored energy from the shield 
and will use this energy to deal extra damage. Each 
subsequent target takes 10% damage less from the 
bonus until it reaches its normal value (cannot go 
under the base passive damage).

He cannot use any other ability while the shield 
is active.

----------



----------

Active: He smashes his sword in the ground with the 
orb and targets all enemy champions in range with 
a light line that follows them. When the light reaches
them, they are rooted for 1.5 seconds. 

Targets rooted by this ability receive 1 stack of fear.

Fury mode: He gets 15% movement speed when moving 
towards a target that is or will be rooted by this
ability.

---------------------

IDEAS

fortification
ralliement
trap setup
skill planifié (futuresight)

épée dans le sol, track down tous les champions 
dans l'area pour les root (track de lumière)
frappe l'épée au sol avec l'orbe

tous les skills apply on effet "d'illumnation" (temp) 
et le E slow tout qui est in range

folie comme ressource

if an ally dies near him, his fury is maxed out

q: slash basic, when furious dash to target and apply 
same/empowered effect









